so jumping in the first thing Jason
teased on is like hiring for vertical
experience over SAS experience now we've
got a mix on our team but our top
performing AE was a salon manager in San
Francisco and she out reps that came
from like very high volume SAS companies
so her deals close faster because she
has these authentic conversations about
specific industry challenges that make
them feel aligned among the AE team our
top per two performers have no prior SAS
experience so this is a big one if you
are deep in vertical and you take a look
at your sales team and you don't have
anybody that flipped pizzas working at
slice go find that person find the one
that has felt the pain of running out of
things of answering the phones of
texting customers of fulfilling orders
and bring them into your team welcome
everybody it's team SAS here for our
first Workshop
Wednesday this year it's very
exciting we have what I think will be
one of the better tactical pieces of
content in a while we have marshelle
money VP of sales at mango mint marelle
thank you so much for joining us thanks
Jason just a little bit of background
and then I'll hand it over marshelle has
10 learnings and vertical s and the
whole team at manglement worked on this
so I think it's going to be pretty good
and vertical SAS is an area of super
high interest at saster we'll have a ton
at saster annual this year we'll have
the co of Cleo which just raised at
three billion when they added fintech
and payments more to their legal Tech
which marelle will tease into I remember
in the early days of saster we had Peter
gastner from viva which is vertical SAS
for Pharma worth almost 40 billion today
no one got it what who who cares about
this vertical SAS stuff but it's
incredibly popular we had I invested in
mangle man a little while ago so I know
a little bit about the company I've
gotten to
know Marshal and is diff took me a
little while to see it it is different
and that's why I really like these
points and one of the most but one of
the most interesting and challenging
questions is around domain expertise how
much domain expertise do you want now
mango mint for context it's a good one
because it's probably around where folks
are where you want to be in a year or
two they're coming up on 20 million
growing 100% year-over year with 110%
nrr pretty good selling a tough product
actually a tough product there's selling
sass to spas and salons this is tough
because if you put it on a 2X two
Venture Matrix you would not want to
invest even though I did why would you
not want to invest a lot of competition
and seemingly small
Tam there's a lot of competition from
the old days there's folks like mindbody
that used to be public that now have a
broader Suite there's a bunch of newer
entrance we'll probably touch on why
mango mint has one basically it's
focused on the midmarket and ease and
incredible state-of-the-art ease of use
but it's a tough one like smaller Tam
lots of competition but they've won
they're growing 100% coming up on 20
million with 110% NR so I want to dig in
on why and but the one thing I want to
queue up before we go is marelle's
background because one of the most
vexing questions for vertical SAS or
other very more complicated spaces
domain expertise do you need to know
mango Min is selling software to spas
and slums do I need to be a spa expert
and I've generally found over the years
I'm a little bit wrong here that maybe
you do need to be a domain expert early
on and so marshelle tell us you are on
the Spectrum when you started from
domain experts to I can sell anything
you literally worked at a spa and forced
yourself in the door at manglement as
like the first sales first business
person in the company like you literally
interned for free didn't you force
yourself in the door and say this
software is so great I'll work here for
free and now the VP sales is that the
story that is that's the story in a
nutshell yeah absolutely I owned a salon
in San Diego I knew we needed something
better something that had Payment
Processing Incorporated which in 2017
wasn't very
common I called the phone number on the
website much to my surprise two days
later when I was signing up I found out
that the AE was in fact Daniel the CEO I
was probably the 27th
customer and I loved what I saw a lot of
the things that were true then are still
true now like worldclass product super
fast smart automations and at that point
I'm like Hey how do we do this how do we
do this together I don't know what SAS
is there's far too many acronyms for me
but I had spent 10 years selling 20in
hair extensions so I knew how to sell
something and jumped right into SAS
thanks to you learned what that acronym
stood for
and you'll get into this at least touch
on it but so you were the 27th customer
you offered to work you owned your own
slot you offered to work for free in
sales in the beginning until they paid
you and we'll talk about you probably
will touch about on outbound versus
inbound right the company ultimately
perfected a high velocity inbound model
but you literally but I think for this
domain expertise question in the early
days you were literally doing outbound
at first you have to at 27 customers and
you were going into Spas as a spa owner
yourself
and could have a conversation that maybe
someone that worked at Outreach or gong
or sales off might struggle to
have talk a little bit about that
getting it getting that engine going and
having that being able to have those
conversations and outbound absolutely I
think the first thing I thought about is
in our larger vertical ignoring the kind
of micro verticals I'll talk about in a
little bit they are used to someone
showing up but similar to any of you who
have sold into fintech POS where toast
you show up at the restaurant they are
used to people showing up to the point
at which if you are buying shampoo and
conditioner from a saloner spa the rep
that sells that literally walks into the
salon takes inventory for them it's a
very forcing function for sales in that
industry so I knew it needed to look the
same for software what was really
interesting is no other SAS company
approached it in that way that they were
used to so literally showing up with
granola bars because you'll never meet
people that can eat lunch faster like
doing this whole thing that made sense
to them it felt a lot more familiar than
the Mind bodies who were just trying to
cold call them so we started with that
outbound process from the Viewpoint of
what did I like as a salon owner what
made it easy for me to buy yeah so we
got our first couple hundred customers
that way it's interesting yeah we had we
did a workshop Wednesday with Lauren
paddleford who's the Ser at slice he was
the first head of Enterprise at Shopify
before that and he's even at hundred and
something million at slice it's all
going into the pizzer RAS it's all
walking in and building relationships
with these single owner
establishments which for most SAS
companies is is an antha I'm working
from home I'm working 20 hours a week
I'm being handed a list I email if I
have to I'll pick up the call phone but
I would never visit someone in person
certainly not for 4K for a four figure
deal certainly not for a deal under 200
three like the classic sass is only
going in person for 250k plus
deals yeah and hey it's been like a bit
of a double-edged sword because as I
have grown and built out the team now I
have a team of over
25 there's still these questions I see
them come through slack and I'm like oh
man I just want to go spend an hour
schooling these people and so that's
where I go okay we need to create this
mix and that goes into the first point
that I'll talk about is like in this
deep a vertical sass you've got to have
a mix of that prior experience that
industry experience over SAS experience
you can't over index on the SAS side
only which I made that mistake at first
okay let's get into that but let me just
ask one followup question and then I
then let's kick it off with the slides
so fast forward today so in the
beginning you're literally you are
someone from the industry going out
talking to your peers getting them to
buy
today now that you have a brand right
and thousands of customers is how how
many your how much do you have to sell
in the field in the salon in the spa
versus texting over the phone what's the
ratio of the motion
today so there's no selling in the field
today no more it's all done unless I go
somewhere and I want to be a customer
there and they're not using mango yet
and I refuse to go there for not so
anywhere that I live you'll see a bubble
around me but but other than that we
have been 100% inbound up until this
year so end of last year we rolled out
an outbound our outbound now does look
like
calling so they're not actually
physically showing up I'm sure many of
them would and sometimes people ask me
and I'm like go for it but at this point
100% we're doing it remote and they'll
and the salon owners because the owners
are buying right these are small
businesses they'll pick up the phone
and they'll have a sales call from for
the and this is something that a lot of
the tools for getting data on these
people yeah don't work for us we have to
approach it from a different angle
because I am finding Susie of Susie's
Hair Salon cell phone number and yes
she's picking up because for the most
part she's also used to getting her
clients calling her like hey I got to
get in for a haircut I forgot to book
last time so yeah they're definitely
picking up that's very normal
that makes sense yeah it's just when
we've done a lot with Kyle from owner
that and they've got thousands of small
restaurants phone is zero there the
owner will NE the owner is working you
can text like they do a lot they do in
person and text but phones a zero right
you literally just cannot no one in
owning a small restaurant is goingon to
pick up the phone it's just not their
motion but it makes sense for salons the
owner is often a practitioner right and
they're picking up the they're used to
that Cadence even if we call into the
front desk
yes they're trained to be a bit of that
like gatekeeper but even if the front
desk person is the one speaking to us
the owner is over their shoulder like
they're right there we're never more
than one chair away from that decision
maker it's a good one all right so let's
talk about the 10 learnings in scaling
I'm GNA add scaling vertical SS meno in
thank you yeah let's dive in thank you
so much Jason first of all for having me
we're going to look at some slides but
we'll really focus on me riffing these
things you gave the background I was a
salon owner 10 some years I sold hair
extensions for a top manufacturer and
distributor Jason likes to sell a pen I
sold hair and when I moved over to SAS
there was a lot that I didn't know and
so a lot of these learnings this is my
first fora in SAS I've been with mega
for six years now and I live eat and
breathe SMB vertical sass so we're going
to really drill into the things that
stand out to me and some of them might
piss you off that's okay we can talk
more into it I'm all about debating it
out but the reality is we have a product
that is world class so I'll start with
that a lot of this won't mean much do
much if you are not working with a
product and a product team that is
incredibly rigorous and Relentless in
Building worldclass Product so big shout
out to our product team our CTO sander
one of our Founders who's been there
from the beginning and the wonderful
team that they have built so knowing
that we are also going to be really
segmented into SNB when I say SNB very
SMB so when Jason says midmarket our
midmarket just for framework of looking
at this lens is going to be our SMB
would be solo providers so this is
someone who rents a booth and runs their
own business the solopreneur we do not
sell to them so for us midmarket looks
like a mom and pop shop that has five or
more staff members and this is going to
be up to say 10 15 locations that are
corporately owned but a lot of these can
be applied across different size
verticles so jumping in the first thing
Jason teased on is like hiring for
vertical experience over SAS experience
now we've got a mix on our team but our
top performing AE was a salon manager in
San Francisco and she out sells reps
that came from like very high volume SAS
companies so her deals close faster
because she has these authentic
conversations about specific industry
challenges that make them feel aligned
she can build trust faster she just
knows what these people actually face
like what does it actually look like
when you're answering the phone and
credit card numbers on Post-it notes
across the front desk like she gets it
and she can be in their shoes I will
also mention she's somebody that moved
up she started in support with us she
moved over to onboarding manager now
she's an AE so big shout out there among
the AE team our top per two performers
have no prior SAS
experience we do have
great performance from people with prior
sauce experience but we'll talk about
how we get them like how do we get them
to get out of the feature selling
feature dumping and really know how to
build trust with those that they are
speaking to now so this is a big one if
you are deep in vertical and you take a
look at your sales team and you don't
have anybody that flipped pizzas working
at slice go find that person I guess
we're not flipping pizzas we're spinning
them whatever you do with pizzas go find
that person find the one that has felt
the pain of running out of things of
answering the phones of texting
customers of fulfilling orders and bring
them into your team right now we have
about a 50/50 split and then on my
onboarding side because I also oversee
onboarding and
implementation I think maybe one person
doesn't have prior vertical experience
so I found it even more important on
that side of things to have them really
close to the industry so that's what
I'll say on that obviously I'm an
example of that and I mentioned the kind
of double-edged Sword there are times
where I see like deals coming through
that are really struggling and I'm like
it's cuz we're not addressing this
vertical we're not addressing what a med
spa goes through and so what I have
found is like to get myself out of those
weeds hire more people hire people that
have worked specifically in Med Spa
specifically in hair salons so we do
have those sub verticals we'll talk more
about that
this next one might seem so freaking
obvious especially if you've been a fan
of saster or listen to anything Jason's
ever said your team must deeply
understand this product the reason I
bring this up though is I mentioned we
just started building our outbound
team fortunately the two bdrs I brought
on to prove this concept one has her
cosmetology licensed does hair the other
was an ex esthetician so she did
skincare so they both speak the language
of the industry but what was really
interesting is when they started with us
both of them were like very awkwardly
surprised that we were putting them
through the full product education at
mango and when I dug a little deeper
they were like oh we were calling by day
three at our prior SAS companies and
these are Big SAS companies one that I
have even looked at using for my own
team so it was really surprising to me
that this was like a novel concept to
make sure that every single person
across your team is a product expert
we've debated this out as we go to scale
you really want to have a solid
onboarding for your entire team and
what's the right dose for the growth
team what's the right dose for the
support team in my opinion it's a gold
standard everyone needs to know the
product everyone needs to speak the same
language on our product and when we're
rolling out features new products within
the product they need to be trained on
them and they need to take
accountability in owning them so it's
one of our performance standards huge
one okay now I mentioned some of this is
very specific to our SMB this is going
to be one of them but make your
onboarding free when I hear listening
into deals and they're like oh man we
just paid $1200 to go to ex competitor
we really want to use you but we can't
recover that $1,200 and then they end up
switching over anyway because we're
going to give them some sort of
incentive to make up for it I just think
to myself was it really white glove then
they go through our process and it's
like yeah boom you're in the product
within your free trial you haven't even
paid us a dollar and I just deeply
believe that removing friction for
vertical customers I'll preface this was
by saying 90% of our customers coming
over are moving from another software
another competitor so they're always
going to have a pretty large stack of
data to bring over so clients
appointments staff members service
menus a lot of them have recurring
Revenue built in that's why they're
moving to us they're moving over
memberships that are renewing they're
moving over packages gift cards previous
balances a lot of this in my opinion if
it's like Mission critical to do
business with you just make it free make
these things easier one of the things
that also just gets under my skin is how
often I will see this huge fee for
onboarding that when signing a contract
is suddenly waved or when needing an
incentive is suddenly waved so it's if
this is really part of your Revenue
stream then how come it's constantly
waved it just makes it feel shaky to me
I don't like it I don't think it's the
right thing to do so no paid White Glove
onboarding we look at it like the
onboarding is included we're going to
get as the other thing about it is okay
we go to onboard and oh by the way white
gloves is included but we can't get X Y
and Z from your previous software so
we're going to blame your previous
software for why we can't do the thing
that we incentivized you on so again
that's my take on the onboarding
piece plg it's still a Hot Topic I think
three years ago four years ago it's all
we heard about I like to see say plg but
make it sales Le which could sound
expensive but the idea being
your
trial our sales team doesn't wait for
the trial to show them that someone is
qualified we're really using it as a way
to witness the behavior of the the
customer like what are they doing in
there so they can personalize the
Outreach example being uh a customer
starts a trial with mangement very easy
they fill out five fields on our website
boom they're in a trial that trial is in
demo mode they can literally check out
sales adjust inventory it is set up with
services that look just like their sub
vertical so if you're a hair salon
you're getting haircuts and hair color
if you're a med spa you're getting
injectables and facials it is all
customized to them they can test out the
online booking they can add gratuiti
they can send text messages and what
we're looking at from the sales
perspective is where do they go first
where do they get stuck so recording
those sessions having that bubble up to
the AE so they can say ah okay we got a
med spa they went straight to
memberships they got stuck at this point
not in a creepy way but we're going to
send them a text right away hey look I
see you've got these memberships you
checked it out in the trial let's
connect let's take a look at this
together and see how we can build them
just for you so this is important
because when you combine the plg piece
meaning there's a very easy way to get
them into the product and then the sales
team so our AES are following up within
minutes of a trial starting so it's like
trial starts check out that full story
session see what they did reach out if
that is happening we're not using the
trial to prove the product works like
the product works we know that it's
about giving the sales team the exact
conversation starters that they need for
each Prospect I will argue that every
vertical SAS needs a trial even if it's
like a popup onepage full data filed and
there's not too much they can do see
where they go see where they
click get them in some sort of demo mode
to where your sales team then
deploys and goes in really
tight whatever your little script is for
us it's sending a text messages because
that's where our customers are and
making that happen so don't wait for
them to discover that value because it
probably won't happen and you probably
have a leaky
bucket number five ditching long-term
contract
I teased on this with the onboarding
piece Daniel our CEO he was recently on
the saster podcast and I saw a lot of
comments on LinkedIn and maybe it was
the YouTube
about how do they have that nrr with no
contracts and I keep seeing this come up
and all I can say is that the evidence
is in the numbers customers stay with us
and often when customers leave they come
back because they're going to face these
heavy contracts with other customers for
a product that's $300 a month and it it
gives them this feeling of it's like
they get kg so we have eliminated
contracts not eliminated we never had
them we've never had them since the very
beginning we let customers cancel at any
time so they write in middle of the
month hey I want to cancel great if it
creates a better experience for them we
want to export other data we want to
make things as Fe fee free as easy as
possible removing friction this is still
part of the sales process we're leaving
but we want them to come back if they're
going through a hardship if they had a
walk out which is also you got to know
your customer in our industry it is not
uncommon for a salon owner to have boom
their entire staff walk out because
somebody pissed somebody off and it
turned into a whole thing if they
rebuild we want to be the company that
they think about first so it's a big one
and again very specific to our SMB
Market but big fan of ditching any sort
of
contract vertical SAS wins by
eliminating choice I think about this
one a lot and I think this is like a
very big topic there's this idea that
customers want this open API and they
want to plug in here and go over there
well we know our customers so well
and we know that if we build the
solution and we make those decisions for
them that layer cake of Integrations
doesn't make sense to our segment I
often
see one out of 10 leads that come
through as like a consultant for salons
and spas and they're going to build out
their website and set up their Google
ads and they want this integration and
tracking this on Pixel as soon as
they're no longer paying that
consultant we recognize that the inter
ation that they may have set up is not
sending a web hook anywhere and the
review management software that they
tried to integrate isn't they're not
even paying for that anymore so it's
like these dead ends that when we really
dial down to that salon owner they just
want us to do it for them so really
focusing on eliminating all the choices
and being that one solution for them
really going to be crucial I believe in
the next few years for vertical SAS
regardless of your size
this
one this is an interesting one because I
mentioned we work with businesses that
might just be one location six employees
uh but we have 24 locations and
so really to smooth out what happens on
our sales team how do we forecast we've
got different deal sizes and many of our
competitors do an even larger segment or
multiple segments I believe you can have
both high velocity and high value sales
and the way you do this is you have to
stop segmenting by company size and this
is where segmenting by
subvertical becomes even more important
so Jason mentioned having that customer
domain knowledge within our vertical
there are subvertical so the example I
have here is a highend medical spot
operates different than a chain of hair
salons and that couldn't be more true so
to know the right dose to give your
sales team of understanding those
differences and that starts all the way
from our growth team so the way we go
after sub verticals the way they come in
the information the AE has on them this
is so important because when you're ACV
is smaller like ours a turn is naturally
higher due to the space we're in you
have to trim off a few days of the sales
cycle this means AES can more easily hit
quota this means that
they're not stressing to get to that
quota because they know their sales
cycle is repeatable SNM payback period
goes down cash is cycled faster less
need for fundraising faster growth less
dilution everybody's
happy these two things need to happen
but the only way it can happen is if you
understand the sub verticals within them
so a med spa that could do 10x the
volume as a hair
salon in in terms of their own
processings a med spa that does 3
million a year a hair salon that does
400,000 a year those can close at the
same time if you train your sales team
to be specialists in the specific
business models that they're selling to
so very crucial to get there and you
really have to dial in what how much
education is needed because it's not
being an absolute it's not Mastery of
how a Med Spot runs but it's like
understanding the value that they need
from software so we built an agnostic
software that can serve all those sub
verticals we don't use the word patient
we use the word client because both
subvertical can use that word but then
the team needs to have that information
to have the same sales cycle across deal
size hopefully that makes
sense okay next being not for everyone
is your biggest Advantage if you haven't
thought about this in the vertical space
you're doing something wrong you have to
know what to say no to
and really simple simplify things down
to the exact person you are
serving this is one that through and
through
I Jason teased our
nrr this retention is higher because
zeroing in on the segment we want to
serve allows you allows every customer
in our product to get exactly what they
need so being not for everyone is going
to be your biggest advantage in vertical
SAS and checking back on that because I
think you can easily lose focus and it
can seem really attractive to go
dominate the solo Market but if you
don't understand fundamentally what's
different about that market if you're
not functioning from first principles
you will lose here the idea is to not
just serve a part of the market it is
whatever vertical you're serving go and
dominate the
most valuable segment for your vertical
so that can look different I mentioned
our SNB mid-market Enterprise if you lay
it out in our vertical is a lot
different than maybe the one in a hotel
management
software okay this next one come at me
I'm fine with it but customer success is
just too important for one department
and I put together a little framework
here we did start with a CS team in
quotes
because it not that it wasn't a function
itself but it wasn't doing the right
thing and and it wasn't needed in the
right way so the way that I see this in
vertical SAS is that you have to have
the product like the product has to own
success and I'll show you like the three
things that I think about here but we
really want to make sure that we're not
compensating for product failure or
organizational failures so again I
mentioned this at the beginning Pingo
mint's a fantastic product I've got it
easy in that sense but our team works so
hard to make it such and we need to make
sure that customer success is not just
one Department's responsibility we build
this into our processes so the like
simple framework here is that the
product own success so this means that
it should be so aligned and so good with
your vertical needs that it doesn't need
translation and it doesn't need somebody
to come back in and and say hey we
noticed you're not using it and that's
probably why it's not working for you
because honestly with our customer like
by then it's too late it's done sales
has to own the
reality making sure that they understand
how the product delivers the value for
their vertical their subvertical
and then Live support owns the problems
we have a fantastic worldclass support
team they are live within the software
so if I've got a problem I click the
chat bubble I ask the question we've got
the experts in there and that is how we
are also able to be proactive is like
using that same way so we've got the
reactive live side but to be proactive
if we notice something is wrong if we
notice that they need to update their
credit card details to get their payouts
like we're going to reach out to them we
noticed that we got an error in
something with one of their deposits
like we'll reach out to them so building
worldclass Live support this is how
we've been able to make customer success
and organizational
responsibility and it and it's really
like unlicked things now it's going to
come up when your sales team is
struggling because somebody got to
onboarding and they had an issue and
they were like can't we just get a CS
person yeah doesn't that sound nice to
offload but what are you offloading what
conversation could have happened in that
demo and that's when you send sales
manager in are we listening to these
demos what did we see happening where's
the Gap do a postmortem there because
it's never going to solve your problem
to just plug in this new team and think
that they can smooth
out whatever that is so I'm all about
killing off the Cs team um happy to
share how we did that it's been over
three years now and and it's worked
quite
well so finally the 10th point
is this is one we have our annual
conference and this year the message to
the team
was really be how do we become the only
in-class solution for our segment so
it's it's very it's very much what
Daniel always says about being Red Bull
Ferrari is great but they are likely
comfortable with being number two or
number three because that's still really
good we're not there somebody mentioned
in meeting yesterday it's oh yeah we're
building the Ferrari engine no we're
building our own engine like we want to
be the only inclass solution for our
customer and instead of thinking about
how do we integrate with the other
Solutions like payment processor
marketing tools CRM we're looking at
this growth that builds vertical
specific versions of these tools
directly into our platform so we truly
can have the customer s satisfaction
that increases with each third party
tool they eliminate so it's great you
now get to get rid of your whatever text
marketing we've got that there with our
flows feature you can get rid of
MailChimp we've got that in here you
gotten rid of your third party terminal
a long time ago everything's integrated
everything is here your payroll it's all
right here and it
makes the experience for our buyer so
seamless and so easy to use that is
really how I think vertical SAS like
that's where vertical SAS is really
going to win is just be build be and act
like you are the only software that need
and you will win now I say that 90% of
people aren't going to really put in the
work that it takes to do that so that is
one thing that our team is so relentless
across the board very proud to work with
a team that that thinks in this way and
it's the only way we'll go so that is
the 10 learnings that have really stood
out to me made it to for me that like
this is the company that I will be at as
long as they'll have me and how I think
about things and let's open it
up just because you brought it up
marshelle and I think it's it deserves
lot more time than we have but some
folks may take the wrong conclusions
from it which is blowing CS up as a
standalone
department and can you just dig in there
a little bit more because I feel like
there's a tension
there on the one hand no one want having
the sales reps just not dump all the
problems on someone smarter than them is
a huge forcing function for excellence
in your sales team on the other hand it
breaks my heart when there's no one
whose only job is customer success
literally customer success forget about
the function when all we've all worked
with someone in our lives and I don't
think this is true of most CS
professionals these days unfortunately I
think it's a paint by numbers profession
but when you have that person in the or
where 50 hours week all they care about
is that your customers are happy and
they bleed sadness when they aren't I
worry we lose that when we blow up the
the department and we force it on sales
what are the metal learnings here yeah
so just hearing like hearing you say
that like it breaks my heart immediately
I'm like oh our support team does that
like when I go through so we have a
channel in our slack called customer
success and it's okay you don't have a
CS team when I read through that channel
like our NPS scores and this and the
surveys that they fill out like they
know their favorite support person by
name our support team is world class and
they aren't only reactive they are
proactive so I think it's like I said in
that framework it's it starts at the
product CS cannot come in and fix
product gaps that will not happen and so
that's like the really strong piece for
me and then on the side of support like
what we also can't do is just Outsource
support and not train our support team
up and not make them we look at this
thing we have this thing called mango
Pro and so that is a support team member
that even takes a deeper specialty
whether that's in payroll whether that's
in so it's not just tiered support it's
like this person has a genuine interest
in making sure that a payroll question
gets answered to the like un degree and
we still send out MPS we still have
these things but our ACV does not
support the like idea of oh we're going
to send you a quarterly Business Review
you you heard who I was talking about
that person doesn't even know what
you're talking about so it's really
about again digging into our vertical
our ACV and knowing what's right for
them and it's fast it's not just being a
ticket on a support thing we don't do
tickets it's minutes that we respond to
them so I would argue that we do better
than just having a CS function in the
traditional like sass sense I guess we
can break on that I guess my learning
from that and I did this back in the day
too I had such a good head of customer
success and a few folks that I mean of
support that they were customer success
they weren't managing complicated
deployment issues for bigger accounts or
or they didn't touch renewals but they
were so good and Technical that it was
just as good working with Scott as my
VPS and so you're happy my my take away
from that which I you touched on but
maybe will end up to make vertical
success when at mango Min you're not
skimping on support you're not
automating every single interaction
you're over investing in support to make
them domain experts which I feel like
I've written about this for for over a
decade no one does this but it's the
winning strategy the the one minute
resolution from a domain expert no one
does that no one does it anymore and if
you win and maybe for a 14-day sales
cycle and a relatively easy to use
product maybe you don't need customer
success if your deployment is that fast
and your support's that good right
you're doing it you're just not doing it
with a uh the Gap CS department so
that's a good learning so thanks again
this was A+ so many good comments we've
already gotten in the chat on social
media and others and thanks everybody
for joining